Create custom-order-confirmation.md (#1001)
bigcommerce/dev-docs: docs/api-docs/cart-and-checkout/custom-order-confirmation.md

## Generate the JavaScript loader file
The first step to installing a custom order confirmation page is generating the loader file. If creating both a custom checkout and a custom order confirmation page using checkout-js, the generated loader file is the same. However, you do not need to create a custom checkout in order to have a custom order confirmation page. You can install a custom order confirmation page and still use the default checkout. The loader file must be responsible for the following:

* Loading all the required assets, including CSS files
* Running the app

### Packaging custom order confirmation page with Open Source Checkout

If using Open Source Checkout, you can generate the loader file by following these steps:

1. Navigate and locate the Open Source Checkout folder using the terminal, and run `npm ci` to download dependencies
2. Run `npm run build` to generate a `/dist/` folder with all the files

> When using Open Source Checkout to view changes and test implementations through the UI, deploy, and install the custom confirmation page. More details are below.

Reviewer: Stating that there are "more details below" is too vague. Specify and link to the section that is most relevant.

> When using Open Source Checkout to view changes and test implementations through the UI, deploy, and install the custom confirmation page. More details are below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When using Open Source Checkout to view changes and test implementations through the UI, deploy and install the custom confirmation page. More details are below.
```

### Properties available on the custom order confirmation page

> When a store uses a custom confirmation page, some properties are attached to the `window.checkoutConfig` object on the checkout page. These properties are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a store uses a custom confirmation page, the following properties are attached to the `window.checkoutConfig` object on the checkout page:
```

* `containerId`: ID of the HTML component where you load the checkout app.

> * `orderId`: if present, it means we should render an order confirmation page for the given order Id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `orderId`: if present, it means we should render an order confirmation page for the given order ID.
```

> * `checkoutId`: If present, the ID of the active checkout. You can't have both `orderId` and `checkoutId`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `checkoutId`: if present, the ID of the active checkout. You can't have both `orderId` and `checkoutId`.
```

Author: Since I added periods at the end of the sentences, I capitalized "If"

> To use the data exposed in the window object, include relevant code in your loader file. Here is an example of this code :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the data exposed in the window object, include relevant code in your loader file. The following is an example of the relevant code:
```

```js
ReactDOM.render(
  <OrderConfirmation orderId={ window.checkoutConfig.orderId } />,
  document.getElementById(window.checkoutConfig.containerId)
);
```

## Hosting a custom order confirmation page

> You will need to host the custom confirmation file online so it can be served by the store. You can use a hosting service, such as [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/). Using an external host will allow you the freedom to automate the build process if you wish and push updates automatically from your local machine.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You will need to host the custom confirmation file online so it can be served by the store using an external hosting service. Using an external host will allow you the freedom to automate the build process if you wish and push updates automatically from your local machine.
```

2. From your store control panel, navigate to **Server Settings** > **File Access (WebDAV)**.
    - To automatically connect with Cyberduck, see [Single-click Login](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV#login).
    - To manually connect with Cyberduck, see [Connecting with Cyberduck Manually](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV#manual).
3. From Cyberduck, enter the `/content` folder and create a new folder named *OrderConfirmation*.
4. Navigate into the `/dist` folder in your OrderConfirmation project.
5. Copy the contents of the `/dist` folder and paste it into the *OrderConfirmation* folder.

## Installing a custom order confirmation page  

To install a custom order confirmation page on a store, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to **Advanced Settings > Checkout** in your store's control panel.
2. Under **Custom Order Confirmation**, type the following in the **Script URL** field, replacing <version> with the latest version number generated by running the `npm run release:alpha` command:
  ```
  `webdav:checkout/auto-loader-<version>.js`
  ```

>   NOTES:

Reviewer: This should be formatted using the notes div in other pages.

Example:
```
<div class="HubBlock--callout">
<div class="CalloutBlock--info">
<div class="HubBlock-content">
### Note
</div>
</div>
</div>
```

  
  *Prepending `webdav:` Indicates that the URL is in the remote WebDAV directory. It will treat `/content` as the root WebDAV directory.
  
  *It is important to include `<version>` number in the Script URL field. Because if you make changes to the same provided loader filename, you could serve a cached version to the user.
  

> ![order-confirmation-page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/bigcommerce/dev-docs/master/assets/images/order-confirmation-page.png "Custom Order Confirmation Page")

Reviewer: Recommend putting this image right next to the step it pertains to. The Note section should follow it.

> 4. Click the **Save** button at the bottom of the page.

Reviewer: This numbering is not in the right order

* Running the app

### Packaging custom order confirmation page with Open Source Checkout

If using Open Source Checkout, you can generate the loader file by following these steps:

1. Navigate and locate the Open Source Checkout folder using the terminal, and run `npm ci` to download dependencies
2. Run `npm run build` to generate a `/dist/` folder with all the files

When using Open Source Checkout to view changes and test implementations through the UI, deploy, and install the custom confirmation page. More details are below.

### Properties available on the custom order confirmation page
When a store uses a custom confirmation page, some properties are attached to the `window.checkoutConfig` object on the checkout page. These properties are:

* `containerId`: ID of the HTML component where you load the checkout app.
* `orderId`: if present, it means we should render an order confirmation page for the given order Id
* `checkoutId`: If present, the ID of the active checkout. You can't have both `orderId` and `checkoutId`

To use the data exposed in the window object, include relevant code in your loader file. Here is an example of this code :

```js
ReactDOM.render(

>   <Checkout checkoutId={ window.checkoutConfig.checkoutId } />,

Reviewer 2: Maybe replace this with
```js
ReactDOM.render(
  <OrderConfirmation orderId={ window.checkoutConfig.orderId } />,
  document.getElementById(window.checkoutConfig.containerId)
);

1. Before proceeding, ensure you have downloaded [Cyberduck](https://cyberduck.io/), our recommended WebDAV client.
**Note:**  For more information on how to use Cyberduck, refer to the [File Access (WebDAV)](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV) page.
2. From your store control panel, navigate to **Server Settings** > **File Access (WebDAV)**.
    - To automatically connect with Cyberduck, see [Single-click Login](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV#login).
    - To manually connect with Cyberduck, see [Connecting with Cyberduck Manually](https://support.bigcommerce.com/s/article/File-Access-WebDAV#manual).
3. From Cyberduck, enter the `/content` folder and create a new folder named *checkout*.
4. Navigate into the `/dist` folder in your checkout project.
5. Copy the contents of the `/dist` folder and paste it into the checkout folder.

## Installing a custom order confirmation page  

To install a custom order confirmation page on a store, follow these steps:

1. Navigate to **Advanced Settings > Checkout** in your store's control panel.

> 2. Under **Checkout Type**, select **Custom Checkouts**.

Reviewer 2: this is not correct, they are free to choose any Checkout Type.
Once the experiment is rolled out, there should be a panel that reads "Order Confirmation Settings", and there they can enter a Script URL under the Custom Order Confirmation Page settings.
